There is a significant portion of people who do not have access to the basic education around the world. The reasons for this could be due to poverty, living conditions, political situations, and sometimes even due to some demographic factors such as race and gender. Due to a lack of education, the number of people living in poverty is increasing on account of insufficient competitiveness in the current job markets.  

I vision education should be a human right instead of a privilege. Those children and youths who were not born with privileges (such as good wealth, strong family background, high accessibility to a variety of educational facilities in their hometowns) should not be left out. They need education to help them change their lives so that they can later bring hope to their families and communities. Therefore, I am creating an online educational platform targeting youngsters (especially the indigenous, the most vulnerable, the poor) who face difficulties in accessing to education. 

There are many people, who have successfully obtained a sufficient level of education, are looking for ways to contribute back to their communities. The online education platform that I created allows them to sign up as a teacher to conduct classes based on their interests. Students of this platform can search their classes based on what they need and be connected to different teachers. The total volunteering hours of teachers and learning hours of students will also be recorded for their future profiles. 

This project was inspired by CS50 after I have learned to program in Python (with Flask framework) and SQL. Similar to CS50 staff members, I am motivated to utilize online channels to bring a better life to my community through education. If a person is educated, his/her life will be changed; if many people are educated, the world will be transformed. 